Project Name: Shopping During the Pandamic: Convenience Store Tour!

Project Description: 

We were asked in a group to create a short video with a story on the spot during a class. With everything going on in the world regarding the COVID 19 situation and us taking our summer course online, we decided to show how is it like being on campus at these times, through a simple aspect which is shopping. In the video and the website, we talk about the convenience store and the safety precautions that should be taken. The experience that I was striving to create was to visualize for the viewer through the website, the NYUAD convenience store, and how to shop safely at the time of pandemic. 

Process:
 
With everyone from our group on campus right now, we decided to gather and film a tour of the convenience store at New York University in Abu Dhabi during the Pandemic. I along the side of Tonya and Yusra acted in the video, while Romeno was our video producer. When it came to the concept implementation in the video, we were physically wearing masks, keeping social distance, and using hand sanitizers. We also kept reminding the viewers of how important it is to take safety measurements. I designed the website in a way that reflects the NYU merchandise and theme. I attached the NYU logo on the header and followed the guidance for NYU violet color and font that NYU uses on their website.  In HTML, NYU uses the default font, which is Arial, and the violet color degree is (87, 6, 140).

When it came to the content of the website, I wanted to reflect on what the video was talking about, so I added one part which was “Safety Measurements” in case viewers wanted to focus more on it. I also had another page for “Crew”. I added interactivity in this part, where if you hover over a picture from the crew, it turns into NYU violet color with white text giving information about the crew. In addition, I added a page for “Our Partners”. This part included pictures of different offices, organizations, and the supermarket. These are the some of the resources that keep reminding us to take safety precautions. Whether it’s NYUAD Health and Wellness, NYUAD Social Responsibility, CDC, BlueMart. I also included Nescafe as our partner since I advertised their product in the video. If you click on any of them, you would be directed to their website in a new tab. Overall I designed the website in a way to make sure that the video is understood, and the message is clear. The different aspects I think will help to the contribution for the understandings of the viewer. The process of building of the website itself was based on day by day learning. Over the past days I had to learn html, CSS, and Javascript in order to go on with the process and build the website.

Reflection/Evaluation: 

My expectations and goals were not only met, but they were also exceeded. Few days ago, I never wrote a single line in html, CSS, or JavaScript code. I thought that this will be hard, and it will most likely not look like what I was imagining at the beginning. At the end after days of developing this website, it finally paid off and I am very satisfied with the project. I think that the website and the video both completed each other. Even though the initial concept was to make a simple video, the process of making this video showed a clear message. Overall, I really enjoyed working on this project, as I happened to learn new coding languages and I personally think that I improved my skills in design and the way I can look at projects. As long as there are good efforts and hard work, the final version of the project will turn good and the process will not become scary to go through.
